How to play your insurance within ICICI LBA
?  You are seeing pre-post hospitalization
here.  My claim has been
approved.  I am going to tell
you practically here which documents you have to upload.
See everything in this video.  And the one
I applied for was for Rs 64,000.
You are watching Prasad Dinesh Kumar
Sudarshan.  Ok?  Now, I mean, just now, I will
tell you what happened to me and everything and
you can also take help from the chat section of IC LMB, otherwise
their toll free number is available directly,
you can also ask directly by calling from there,
okay, so first of all friends, let me
tell you how to do the registration,
come to Google Play Store here, download the ICIC LBD
application number from there, then
after that you can
register here,
whatever mobile number you have is connected, such
LMB has to be done through that only.  Ok?
Then later you have to enter your first name.
Then later you have to enter the last name.
Then later you have to enter the date of birth and all the
things.  Here I am telling you practically.
Whatever your date of birth is, you have to
select it here.  Ok?  So
I choose the date here.  Whatever
is your birth date and then later your email
ID, you have to add that also.  Everything almost
continues.  Ok?  Here you can
see friends, everything has been done here.
Here I am showing you practically.
All the user manual guide is telling you.
Which steps to take from here, everything is
practically visible here.  Physical
Activity IL Take Care Physical activity
is also visible.
You
can also directly apply the ICS Labrador application from here.  Ok?  So here, allow and deny
everything here.
I'll finish it right here.  Ok
?  In the application of ICIC LBA,
you will have to check all the things. Here, the
insurance that I had, there are
two types of insurance in it, friends, one is
cashless and reinvestment.
What happens in reinvestment is that first you have to pay your money,
then after 15 to 20
days, you generally get the money amount from the company. So
generally my suggestion is that friends,
you should try cashless whenever you want, that is,
before finalizing whatever happens,
apply directly through it, that is,
generally this is the menu of insurance,
both depend on your situation,
apply accordingly.
Ok?  So the application I did was
caseless.  I had applied earlier and given all the details.
Generally we can do it from our side also.
Otherwise, you can do it from the hospital side in
both ways.  So
friends, choose the hospital in the same way.  Choose this caseless one
so that you do not face any problem from behind.
Ok?  Inside After Hospitalization.
Ok?  This adds quite a bit of hassle.
So my personal suggestion is that
you should choose cashless.  So the bank people or
whoever it is, and then the insurance people,
they are your hospitalization.  Everyone comes there to verify everything, it
depends on which hospital you are in, it
depends on which of your activities, they
track everything that you tell them, they ask
what happened to you or not, they ask
for confirmation.  Ok?  Here
you can see that I have put all the details.
Congratulations, all the details have been added here.
Ok?  My insurance was from the company side.
So generally, this company
gives me a claim of up to Rs 3 lakh.
Meaning, generally this claim is for
one year, generally IB IBD means sum
insurance is all.  Then later the
policy number is Valiant dated 10 March 2026.
Then everything is visible here, the policy
number is also visible here.  The policy type is .   There
is a family float.  The policy end will be on 10
March 2026.  Then later,
exclusive means which things will not be covered,
all the things like laser surgery and
correction will come up here.  You can see it depends upon it.
Depends upon which plan you have
taken from my side, which the
company people had given me here.
So the
company people had suggested the place where I work.  So
things have to be looked at here accordingly.  Otherwise,
they have a toll free number, you can ask from there also that
brother, whatever the company has
given me, it depends upon what those
things are, in which diseases is it
applicable or not, you
can ask all these things directly also.  Here you can see
all the details of the company.
Here
you can also see the download card that I have through WhatsApp.  Ok?   It is
very easy and simple.  And here the member
details, that is, the
details of all your candidates who have taken insurance, will be
visible here.  Friends, if this happens in the play,
I will
tell you in the next video.  Friends, the main thing was to
register the intention inside the video.  How to follow the steps
because I had already
told you in the claim starting video.  The
claim was made cashless, due to which you had
claimed ₹64,000 ₹64,200.  So everything about him has been
approved here.  Ok?  Ad
policy details, everything is done.  Here
in the beginning you will see the video,
everything was done there.  Here you can see
everything pre post hospitalization,
discharge summary uploaded here in the manner I had
told you.  First of all friends, it was about
reimbursement, so
you will have to do everything manually here.  Otherwise the
hospital people will guide you.
Otherwise you have a toll free number, you can ask from there also,
you
can go to the chat section and ask there, this way it is very simple
and you
can easily avail any insurance benefit, I
hope friends, you found this video
helpful, if you liked the video then
friends please like, share and
subscribe to the video, we will meet
in the next video, thank you friends, Jai
Hind